Better docs (#4835)
DataDog/integrations-core: mapr/README.md

The MapR check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package but requires additional setup operations.

1. Create a `dd-agent` user with a password on every node in the cluster with the same `UID`/`GID` so it is recognized by MapR. See [Managing users and groups][10] for additional details.

> 2. Install the agent on every node you want to monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install the Agent on every node you want to monitor.
```

> 3. Install the library *mapr-streams-library* with the following command `/opt/datadog-agent/embedded/bin/pip install --global-option=build_ext --global-option="--library-dirs=/opt/mapr/lib" --global-option="--include-dirs=/opt/mapr/include/" mapr-streams-python`

Reviewer 2: Should take about py2 vs 3 pip path?

Author: Yes we should

> 3. Install the library *mapr-streams-library* with the following command `/opt/datadog-agent/embedded/bin/pip install --global-option=build_ext --global-option="--library-dirs=/opt/mapr/lib" --global-option="--include-dirs=/opt/mapr/include/" mapr-streams-python`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Install the library *mapr-streams-library* with the following command: `/opt/datadog-agent/embedded/bin/pip install --global-option=build_ext --global-option="--library-dirs=/opt/mapr/lib" --global-option="--include-dirs=/opt/mapr/include/" mapr-streams-python`
```

> 4. Add `/opt/mapr/lib/` to your `/etc/ld.so.conf` (or a file in `/etc/ld.so.conf.d/`). This is required to help the *mapr-streams-library* used by the agent to find the mapr shared libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add `/opt/mapr/lib/` to your `/etc/ld.so.conf` (or a file in `/etc/ld.so.conf.d/`). This is required to help the *mapr-streams-library* used by the Agent to find the MapR shared libraries.
```

5. Generate a [long-lived ticket][8] for the `dd-agent` user.
6. Make sure the ticket is readable by the `dd-agent` user.

> 7. Configure the integration (see below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Configure the integration (see below).
```

> Note: If you don't have "security" enabled in the cluster, you can continue without a ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you don't have "security" enabled in the cluster, you can continue without a ticket.
```

### Configuration
#### Metric collection

1. Edit the `mapr.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to collect your MapR performance data. See the [sample mapr.d/conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.

> 2. Set the `ticket_location` parameter in the config to a path to the long-lived ticket you have created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set the `ticket_location` parameter in the config to the path of the long-lived ticket you created.
```

    include_tag_key true
    tag_key service_name
  </store>

>   <store> # This new section also forwards all the logs to Datadog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <store> # This section also forwards all the logs to Datadog:
```
